enhancement: created session-organizers.md section (#35)
djangonaut-space/program: session-organizers.md

## Session Organizers Guidelines

> A succesful session is the result of a team working together behind the scene. As a Session Organizer you will ensure, you will help to create a supportive environment for everyone involved in the Djangonaut Space mentorship program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A successful session is the result of a team working together behind the scene. As a Session Organizer you will help to create a supportive environment for everyone involved in the Djangonaut Space mentorship program.
```

You're not be alone in your journey because Session Organizer are going to act as a team, each one with a focus area, but always supporting one another through feedback, collaboration, and shared ideas. 💜

## Roles
Each Session Organizer takes ownership of a specific area:
1. Navigators Coordinator
2. Captains Coordinator
3. Djangoanut Coordinator
4. Presentation Coordinator
5. Social Media and Blog Writer
6. Discord Announcer and Email support

## Responsibilities and Expectations
Preparation begins before the 8-week program start.
Session Organizer typically begin meeting weekly 4 to 6 weeks in advance to ensure everything is set up.

### For all Session Organizers
We encourage everyone to:
* Introduce yourself and your role to the community 

> * Engage in conversation for example in general and life channel. It's a good idea to start you're own topic too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Engage in conversation for example in general and life channels. It's a good idea to initiate your own topics of conversation too.
```

* Attend weekly organizer check-in meetings
  * Share updates on your work
  * Complete your assigned todos and mark it as completed
  * Collaborate in the session organizers' channel

*The following are examples of what the tasks of every role are.* 
*May vary according to different needs of the session, and based on the number of volunteers.*

> ### Role Specific Guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Role Specific Guidelines
The following are examples of what the tasks of every role are. These may vary according to different needs of the session and based on the number of volunteers.

```

#### Navigators Coordinator
You support all Navigators within the session, helping them succeed in their role.

> Some of their responsibilities includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Responsibilities include:
```

   - Recruiting and interviewing potential Navigators
   - Lead onboarding meeting with officers
   - Participating in onboarding/offboarding sessions
   - Bi-weekly checkins with Navigators
   - Copy and prepare Navigator workbooks 
   - Communicate concerns with Captain Coordinator and Djangonaut Coordinator

#### Captain Coordinator
You support all Captains, ensuring they have what they need to guide their teams effectively.

> Some of their responsibilities includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Responsibilities include:
```

   - Recruiting and interviewing potential Captains
   - Lead onboarding meeting with officers
   - Participating in onboarding/offboarding sessions
   - Bi-weekly checkins with Captains
   - Copy and prepare Captain workbooks 
   - Communicate concerns with Navigator Coordinator and Djangonaut Coordinator

#### Djangonaut Coordinator
You focus on supporting Djangonauts directly and ensuring they have a smooth experience through the program.

> Some of their responsibilities includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Responsibilities include:
```

   - Participating in onboarding/offboarding sessions
   - Copy and prepare Djangonaut workbooks
   - Reach out directly with Djangonauts
   - Check-in as required based on officer feedback
   - Communicate concerns with Navigator Coordinator and Captain Coordinator

#### Presentation Coordinator
You are responsible for organizing and presenting program events, such onboarding sessions and guest speaker talks.

> Some of their responsibilities include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Responsibilities include:
```

   - Find 2 available times for opening and closing ceremony to accommodate all timezones
   - Leading opening and closing ceremony
   - Coordinate and presenting our guest speakers

#### Social Media and Blog Writer
You help share achievements and be the voice of our community on social media.  

> Some of their responsibilities include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Responsibilities include:
```

   - Sharing important dates and updates on our social media
   - Creating weekly Djangonaut statistics
   - Writing welcome and a recap of the session blog post for the session
   - Engaging with the community across social platforms, to highlight our community  

#### Discord announcer and email support
You ensure clear and consistent communication across Discord and via email.

> Some of their responsibilities include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Responsibilities include:
```

## Session Organizers Guidelines

A successful session is the result of a team working together behind the scene. As a Session Organizer you will help to create a supportive environment for everyone involved in the Djangonaut Space mentorship program.

> You're not be alone in your journey because Session Organizer are going to act as a team, each one with a focus area, but always supporting one another through feedback, collaboration, and shared ideas. 💜

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You're not alone in your journey because Session Organizers are going to act as a team, each one with a focus area, but always supporting one another through feedback, collaboration, and shared ideas. 💜
```

## Roles
Each Session Organizer takes ownership of a specific area:
1. Navigators Coordinator
2. Captains Coordinator
3. Djangoanut Coordinator
4. Presentation Coordinator
5. Social Media and Blog Writer
6. Discord Announcer and Email support

## Responsibilities and Expectations
Preparation begins before the 8-week program start.

> Session Organizer typically begin meeting weekly 4 to 6 weeks in advance to ensure everything is set up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Session Organizers typically begin meeting weekly 4 to 6 weeks in advance to ensure everything is set up.
```

### For all Session Organizers
We encourage everyone to:
* Introduce yourself and your role to the community 
* Engage in conversation for example in general and life channels. It's a good idea to initiate your own topics of conversation too.
* Attend weekly organizer check-in meetings
  * Share updates on your work
  * Complete your assigned todos and mark it as completed
  * Collaborate in the session organizers' channel

### Role Specific Guidelines

> The following are examples of what the tasks of every role are. These may vary according to different needs of the session and based on the number of volunteers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following are examples of tasks for each role. These may vary according to different needs of the session and based on the number of volunteers.
```

#### Navigators Coordinator
You support all Navigators within the session, helping them succeed in their role.

Responsibilities include:
   - Recruiting and interviewing potential Navigators
   - Lead onboarding meeting with officers
   - Participating in onboarding/offboarding sessions

>    - Bi-weekly checkins with Navigators

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Bi-weekly checkins with Navigators to ensure they are being supported in their role and they are fulfilling their responsibilities
```

I wonder if it helps to be explicit to make sure the check-ins are effective. I wasn't sure if that level of detail belongs here or somewhere else. What do you think? I am more brainstorming out loud than suggesting this needs a change here. I'm fine either way, so feel free to disagree with me.

Reviewer: I think this clarification makes sense. I think we'd want to mention that it's also to provide support and connection too. For example, we're relaying some positive feedback from the midway surveys to navigators this go around.
